hail storms - need for shelter
rain - need for shelter/warm clothing?
snow- need for warm clothing 

victory conditions - randomly generated per world? 

Melee combat occurs on the same hex?  Maybe a charge out of Fortified mechanism?

start phase:

1. zombies attack from necro event
2. need to inspect monolith to receive undead vanquisher bonus
3. monolith buff decreases by distance away from it 
4. kill zombies and scare away necromancer
5. build tent for shelter, allows for sleep
6. wolf attack at night, need to build walls 


Sleep/Rest:
Day to Night Ratio 20:2
Villagers/Heros require 60 secs of sleep per day
Villagers will take rest breaks throughout the day


Water:
Water will be required, “survey” for water and build wells, contaminated water, salt water, etc...

Food:
Farms will have to be planted 
Hunting meat will have to be cooked or risk contamination
Gathering berries/fruits/tubers

Randomize Tile bonuses:
-Fertile Soil -> farming bonus
-Rich Vein -> mining bonus
-Old Growth -> woodcutting bonus
-Teeming with Wildlife -> hunting bonus
-






















Necromancer Event:

Part 1)
1a. Spawns near player's shipwreck
1b. Masoleum spawns within 5 tile radius of player
2. Raises 3 dead sailors as zombies
3. Range attacks / casts spells ?
4. After the 3 zombies are killed, runs away and hides beside the Mausoleum
5. Waits for the player to come and inspect the Mausoleum, triggers on getInfo Mausoleum
6. Necromancer reveals himself and begins raising an army of Skeletons from the Mausoleum
7. Necromancer orders skeletons to chase down hero

Phase1:




Part 2)
8. If hero escapes/hides in their town for a certain duration, necromancer orders skeletons 
   to stand down and hides out somewhere for a period of time
9. Necromancer waits until a peaseant is X tiles away from the monolith and rushes the peasent 
   surround him with skeletons which do not attack.
10. Necromancer casts a spell to immobilize the peasent and brings him to a ritual circle 
11. Necromancer begins ritual to become immortal
12. Necromancer unintentionally turns himself into a lich

 



